Exercise link: https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/back-end-development-and-apis/managing-packages-with-npm/how-to-use-package-json-the-core-of-any-node-js-project-or-npm-package
Dependencies:

The package.json file is the center of any Node.js project or npm package. It stores information about your project.
It consists of a single JSON object where information is stored in key-value pairs.
There are only two required fields; name and version, but it’s good practice to provide additional information.

You can create the package.json file from the terminal using the
    npm init
command. This will run a guided setup. Using npm init with the -y flag will generate the file without having it ask any questions, 
    npm init -y

If you look at the file tree of your project, you will find the package.json file on the top level of the tree.
This is the file that you will be improving in the next couple of challenges.

One of the most common pieces of information in this file is the author field.
It specifies who created the project, and can consist of a string or an object with contact or other details.
An object is recommended for bigger projects, but a simple string like the following example will do for this project.

    "author": "Jane Doe",

The next part of a good package.json file is the description field; where a short, but informative description about your project belongs.

If some day you plan to publish a package to npm, this is the string that should sell your idea to the user when they decide whether to install your package or not.
However, that’s not the only use case for the description, it’s a great way to summarize what a project does.
It’s just as important in any Node.js project to help other developers, future maintainers or even your future self understand the project quickly.

Regardless of what you plan for your project, a description is definitely recommended.

    "description": "A project that does something awesome",

The keywords field is where you can describe your project using related keywords.

    "keywords": [ "descriptive", "related", "words" ],

As you can see, this field is structured as an array of double-quoted strings.
The license field is where you inform users of what they are allowed to do with your project.
Some common licenses for open source projects include MIT and BSD. License information is not required, and copyright laws in most countries will give you ownership of what you create by default.
However, it’s always a good practice to explicitly state what users can and can’t do. Here's an example of the license field:

    "license": "MIT",

A version is one of the required fields of your package.json file. This field describes the current version of your project.

    "version": "1.2.0",

One of the biggest reasons to use a package manager, is their powerful dependency management.
Instead of manually having to make sure that you get all dependencies whenever you set up a project on a new computer, npm automatically installs everything for you.
But how can npm know exactly what your project needs? Meet the dependencies section of your package.json file.
Packages your project requires are stored using the following format:

    "dependencies": {
        "package-name": "version",
        "express": "4.14.0"
    }

Versions of the npm packages in the dependencies section of your package.json file follow what’s called Semantic Versioning (SemVer), an industry standard for software versioning aiming to make it easier to manage dependencies.
Libraries, frameworks or other tools published on npm should use SemVer in order to clearly communicate what kind of changes projects can expect if they update.
Knowing SemVer can be useful when you develop software that uses external dependencies (which you almost always do).
One day, your understanding of these numbers will save you from accidentally introducing breaking changes to your project without understanding why things that worked yesterday suddenly don’t work today.
This is how Semantic Versioning works according to the official website:

    "package": "MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH"

The MAJOR version should increment when you make incompatible API changes.
The MINOR version should increment when you add functionality in a backwards-compatible manner.
The PATCH version should increment when you make backwards-compatible bug fixes.
This means that PATCHes are bug fixes and MINORs add new features but neither of them break what worked before.
Finally, MAJORs add changes that won’t work with earlier versions.

In the last challenge, you told npm to only include a specific version of a package.
That’s a useful way to freeze your dependencies if you need to make sure that different parts of your project stay compatible with each other.
But in most use cases, you don’t want to miss bug fixes since they often include important security patches and (hopefully) don’t break things in doing so.
To allow an npm dependency to update to the latest PATCH version, you can prefix the dependency’s version with the tilde (~) character.
Here's how it would look like if we want to allow updates to patch version (e.g. "1.3.X")

    "package": "~1.3.8"

Similar to how the tilde we learned about in the last challenge allows npm to install the latest PATCH for a dependency, the caret (^) allows npm to install future updates as well.
The difference is that the caret will allow both MINOR updates and PATCHes.

    "package": "^1.3.8"

This would allow updates to any 1.x.x version of the package.




